remember in American Pie when Jason
Biggs stuck his last name into the
American Pie and that's how the series
got its name American Pie
well this movie subs in a peach for that
action and has at least one more Oscar
nomination than that franchise has in
the movie you follow a kid who lives in
Italy in the 70s after the Corleone rain
and i'ma tell you right now as a
straight dude this actor can get it and
i get it i mean the oscar Armie Hammer
kept failing blockbusters so he goes
with the independent route to Italy
where he stays as a guest of this kid's
dad who's an archaeologist but instead
of studying bones they study each other
bones now I know what you're thinking
about 20-something year old hooking up
with a 17 year old ain't that what
people keep tweeting about eight that
well people go to jail for even when
it's consensual and you know what don't
worry this movie has Oscar potential so
it's I they flirt dance eat which then
progresses to the second act where they
flirt dance eats and then there's this
big scene that I'm sure you've all been
hearing about and it's been getting a
lot of buzz involving of fruits and if
you ever seen James and the Giant Peach
when he turns into claymation and
survives with insects as they feast
inside this massive fruit this movie is
in no way shape or form like that see
boyo overhears got a girlfriend but
since he's discovering himself it's is
not considered cheating so halfway
through the movie since he's got two
lovers who he can't please amel taneous
Lea my dude gets lonely and reenacts
that grapefruit technique going all
American Pie with that peach pulling out
his King Arthur's sword and when army
comes in with his hammer he decides that
uh
he's craving some peaches and cream and
bone Appetit stat peach that my friends
is a true meaning of love to swallow
fruit they have their little summer
fling go to Rome together tzuf John
Stephens finally comes out and then you
have the best supporting scene of the
year where Michael star Berg opens up to
his son and reveals to him that he too
had someone call him by his name but
even though they have a father-son
bonding moment he forgets to tell this
man how bad heartbreak is so when army
leaves probably to ruin another
blockbuster Elio is left to his own
futile devices until he gets a call one
day letting him know that armies
followed the straight and narrow and is
getting married
to a girl it's at the end where you
realize that this isn't a full-out love
story but one about heartbreak and you
wonder if these flings are just stepping
stones that are bring you closer to the
one maybe there's a purpose for all
these things you wonder if pain is
inevitable you wonder if this movie is
considered a foreign language film or
not but there's one thing that you know
for sure by the end of this movie and
that's that Timmy needs that Oscar
because this dude acts through the
credits thank you guys for checking out
this video like I've been telling
everyone this movie needs to get that
attention Timmy needs that Oscar because
the boy acts through the credits peers
know your thoughts about it let me know
what you thought about this movie the
PHP nor anything else until next time
keep watching movies and I'll see you
guys later